HTML template from: https://codepen.io/mariosmaselli/pen/popWjr

Things I've learned:
    1. Having a file hierarchy is nice until you realize that scss saves within its current folder and not into an additional css folder. 
    2. How to set up a storage account
    3. How to upload and host a static webpage 
    4. How to enable webpage metrics
    5. How to register resource providers
    6. I created a CDN profile endpoint
    7. I created a domain (cloudwithethan.com)
    8. I added a recordset to the domain (www.cloudwithethan.com)
    9. I learned that I had to actually buy the domain before I can use it in Azure 
        An issue I got stuck on for awhile was adding a custom domain to Azure. I had already set up a CDN endpoint for my website, but most 
        of the online documentation for registering a custom domain said to use the static website address or a blob storage address. Once I realized that,
        and made the change on GoDaddy,  I was able to use powershell to register the custom domain on Azure. Now, the embarassing part was trying to test 
        whether the domain was working or not. After entering the address (cloudwithethan.com) it kept bringing me to 
        the GoDaddy default landing page and I couldn't figure out why. It took me awhile to realize that at the end of the 
        Powershell command, there was a parameter that determines whether or not to use the subdomain and I had marked it as true. 
        That was my whole issue with getting my custom domain added.




Challenges: 
    1. Creating the certification title. Something that seemed so simple as copy and pasting the other titles up taking most of my night to figure out.
        First I had to figure out how SCSS worked, download the live compiler extension for VS, and then make a decision on how I wanted the file hierarchy to work
        since maintaining a css folder just added extra steps to save.



Reflection:
    1. The 2 areas I feel that will be the toughest for me is figuring out networking and architecture.
    2. I've already taken my AZ-900 cert, so I'm looking to do my AZ-104 possibly a month after finishing 
        this challenge.
    3. I want to be more exposed to Linux administration because the only time I've interacted with it was when
        I built bitcoin mining computers.